docs(discover): note that Discover persists query mode preference across sessions (#5972)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/discover/try-esql.md

1. Go to **Discover**.
2. Select {icon}`code` **{{esql}}** or **Try {{esql}}** from the application menu.

>    - If you've entered a KQL or Lucene query in the default mode of Discover, it automatically converts to ES|QL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If you've entered a KQL or Lucene query in the default mode of Discover, it automatically converts to {{esql}}.
```

   If you've entered a KQL or Lucene query in the default mode of Discover, it automatically converts to ES|QL.
   :::

   :::{note}
   :applies_to: { serverless:, stack: ga 9.4+ }
   Discover remembers your last used query mode. The next time you open a new Discover session, it opens in the mode you last used.

>    :::

Reviewer: @copilot make those 2 simple bullets under that step, no need for tip or note. Make sure the bullet about remembering the last used query mode gets the correct applies to.
